Mr. Collins, last two would like it understood that all my life is at the same table I am not your counsel.
If not a statement that has been made in this hearing was which I am in more of a plea agreement that the world of all of life may be, I am sure you have a great ability and maybe I would be fortunate if I had you as my counsel.
I have no counsel here. Roy Connesty is speaking for Roy Conn to give the right by our no counsel and I feel the need of none sir.
You know I am content that it should appear for my that I am not your counsel. I might say you are not going to get any feedback from me Mr. Welles.
With someone hold up the what I owe the big picture so that this witness can see it.
Mr. Conn you have spoken of that picture as representing Mr. Stevens smiling at shine. Do you look at it now with me.
I would say so. I may say that. We have been to welcome microphone things.
What's wrong with it? ABC radio network and its affiliated stations have been bringing you for the last dollar and 25 minutes on the scene coverage of the McCarthy Army.
Direct from the Senate office building in Washington. The committee is expected to recess in just a few minutes now.
Roy Conn may submit a counsel as on the staff.
It will resume here to 30 this afternoon we suggest you stay tuned to your ABC station ABC radio will bring you will be prepared to bring you again on the scene coverage of the hearings.
Oh, he and that. The program came to you from the Senate office building in Washington. This is ABC radio network.
The staff. ABC. A.M. and F.M. join us on.
The investigation subcommittee in prior a in the army McCarthy controversy. This broadcast came to you from Washington in cooperation with the American broadcasting company.
You are tuned to WNYC. You leave our cities own station. We now join our WNYC FM audience for the regularly scheduled.
And we're meeting a viewer. The Army for public.
All right.
All right. Now we'll have to look for a basement type.
Get out.
All right.
I'm sure I've got a rule I'm going to go on here and I've been through the written
laws and the calories and the choice of the best.
I will go through the rules.
Now I'm going to depart the standard of my private space specifically.
I will treat you on all.
And please remember I'm not starting with you.
They have you to present the whole case and changing the self-indications now.
But only you can justify.
Because the roughly is in these specifications between your own knowledge.
And you cannot justify correctly and completely if you're in some religious knowledge,
but also, so we can not have a time to look at.
The charges and the charges are the standard from the following just to have.
The impotard means we're taking them to the first instance before,
try to find the rules and adopt it into the army to get him a commission.
And secondly, after he was elected into the army,
impotard means we're taking the killings properly to repeat.
It does substantially prevent.
Now what?
We have got ourselves then to the first part before I was done with the inducted into the army.
And we need to fail for a thought in the problem of means we're employed by time and amount of time.
I thought that they would be curious.
I think you've checked the body of your unit.
In response, this committee will not be told that they will not let us tell us how it happened.
That they will not be used to one after every means by him.
Which means you will not be able to possibly be more correct.
But now we know all of the one who will be able to have the body of your own,
we need you to reiterate.
And you have a chance to refresh your memory with your body.
And to put it on the body of the world,
why is it better to need you to be taking the self-debateing practice that would you rather?
Well, thanks, Mr. Chairman, that I have to write a place for you on all of the contacts
with Mr. O. to its son out of the car, please.
Yes, but I'm just trying to get now all this thing.
I'm going to tell you that we can all be worthy of our hands.
You're a victim of a human problem.
Which is amazing.
To you as a secretary of the Army, try to determine, try to shine on them, definitely not into the Army.
If I am the one who will try to win the power of the Army, we just best get it.
When I ask you to go to the Army, I will tell you the only one who's going to try to do it.
But I will say that it was a reason one.
There was a reason one.
Now that you're not going to lie to me that I'm not going to lie.
You promise.
Because if there are reasons, you know what they are.
If there are, no one will be able to do that.
But I have to leave one as my recollection of it, Mr. Chairman.
I've been going to time you are not going to go to the Army.
You're going to get a second to win the power of the Army.
Not now, that's correct.
I will try to do the government part.
I'll try to shine on you.
I'll have to go time you will get the power of the Army.
Can you really specifically, the time and the means and glory come in the power,
which you consider to give power to give you that power of the Army?
What is good of this Michael, Mr. Chairman, and the person you are,
my heart still will go though.
I came here and touched the power of the great one on all of you's matters.
I'm acting my number, I'm ready for the very number of unphotos of the Army,
but the mobility of you, return the code to your amount of personal,
which I have been subjected to since I have put the peer here,
the fact that frankly it is that it can lead to some of the memories
of the social time and on for starters, and I have added some other things that I would have to do.
We first, my memory, will be stuck to the personal that I've already given,
and I still, the life of anyone that I've known has not been really recognized.
Would it be a real world for the Secretary and the committee if you were to take the time
to write the novel for the weakest hell that we thought as one particular time,
because even though it's called a weak time, you are to bring many attention
to the bottom of our history, so we should look at the people.
Some of all the influences we use, I know I'm not going to discuss this situation
but what not now from the conversation about how to try and make it to the bottom.
Some of the early, especially the world of the time,
are trying to make it to the top of the top.
A trying to get into the bottom, maybe you can use those roles,
trying to make it to the bottom, and to stop the visions of the job.
You are not trying to do it.
You can be thinking about what you are doing, but you are not trying to do it.
You are trying to make it to the bottom.
You're liberating that part that's proud of you and that you're talking about,
to the vision of India.
Well, how much time and much you really asked for, I take it as a reason.
We have the testimony of all the villains that so far is the fact that my contact
was done in part faith in regard to the charm and how the very lives of the recast
are taught by the smith of the time.
I'm like that.
And my time is expired, but I can't put all of the two out after
we come an extension of the time.
Okay.
Then you're going to talk about the smell of the snake.
I'm not quite aware of the state that this conversation that plays between you,
Mr. Cole and Mr. Carthage will be coming.
You say you are unable to recall anything specifically that Mr. Carthage will say at one
minute and where the conversation will go.
I'll fill this up in a mile, just kind of a tellin' me.
You're all supposed to be back there, the engagement made or the conference arranged for
by you or by you.
And who is it?
It's Boris and so far I was kind of my party's back.
Well, you name them.
You've got a lot of people on the back.
I would have to check and find out how well you've been initiated there.
And I hope you can just find it out.
And who came just Mr. Carthage from outside?
I used to think running the recall anything that Mr. Carthage made have said
already, he said anything regarding this matter of Mr. Shine at that time.
But Mr. Cole, this goes to you about this.
Come with that heart.
And Mr. Carthage, make known to you at that time that he had in the other business with you.
Did he talk to you about anything else at that time?
Well, we had a discussion about first and the first instance about the forthcoming
forth mom of the investigation center.
But then he may have been initiated normally as part of the conversation.
That's possible.
You do not know.
At least for the thing, he's worth his trust to strive for the matter of Mr. Shine.
That's right.
All right.
Now, I want to go back to where I can do the yesterday because of the latest time and
the cause of the interruptions.
I asked you yesterday and pointed out that you did have the power to grant Mr. Shine a direct
commission.
I did.
But that you did not do.
I did not do that before.
All right.
Now, the challenge begins to be is that you did many of these things or did a number of
things.
Find the influence that the many to stop the investigation at Fort Mom.
And as a part of that job, are you suspect you ate that job?
The difference of occasions when you have been the guest of Mr. Shine, are you
have had him as your guest and having your picture made with him?
And those things have been pointed out as circumstances that might tend to cooperate
with the charge that you were undertaking the use of the influence that you were using.
In order to induce Mr. Nakati and his staff not to pursue the investigation further.
And as I recall, you did the team a bit and Mr. Shine's father is a fight for the New
York.
I thought you always saw a thing in the dinner.
A formal dinner, I believe, given an honor of they dischined by his father.
Is that correct?
I don't know who was an author about 100th dinner.
Well, don't you now know who that is given by his father?
I'm pretty sure it was.
Are you accepting an invitation to that dinner and good luck here?
Find him a cart in by the hand.
And you also have invited Mr. Shine to come to your office for lunch.
Is that correct?
I don't recall about a match.
Well, as charged as may as I've you did, you say you did it?
I might have.
I don't recall about having fun with him.
But I was.
Well, if you include Mr. Shine as your guest at the time that you arranged for, send him a
cart in your staff to have the privileges of your club in New York.
Oh, yeah.
That was Mr. Shine included in that invitation.
He was.
And maybe he himself.
He does.
And he gets to participate in your own battalion.
That's all I did.
Now, if you need explanation, Mr. Secretary, why you did all these things except these invitations
and have these associations under those circumstances, if you were not trying to influence the committee
in some action, you have to act.
I would like to highlight the charge of this yet these things are being produced in evidence,
telling you to suspect you with that charge.
And if you have any explanation for what your own explanation, I think now is the time
to give it.
Although I have, I, the fact of the matter is very simple.
But I, the real and co-operation with Senator Convictman and the committee of the Congress,
and I feel that it's my duty and I'm hoping to co-operate to the limited amount of dollars.
And what I was hoping to do from the very first time I heard the Senator McCarthy was in New York
just in any matter affecting the Army and that date was first time before, the first time I heard it.
I did those things which I could do in line of co-operating with Senator McCarthy,
to staff and his committee to the end of the week and get on with the business.
And for now already, you are not in according these favors in the nature of invitations to lunch
and taking on the lunch and accepting and tying invitations from them for the purpose of trying to develop such a close association
that you might have some influence over them to stop the investigation then on the way.
No, sir, all of it, not.
Now, you were asked this moment about this picture.
May I inquire whether it is, if it is not the custom and the practice, the almost universal support of I have observed,
that wherever you go, as Secretary of the Army, do any post that says,
what is there someone to take pictures on your life?
There is a thing unusual about the picture taken on all the occasions that develop the picture that is in front of us, not what I know of.
If you give any instructions at that time, do any of the thoughtful with respect to who's picture you should take when well or how?
I don't recall any questions, but if any, how many pictures were taken that day?
I don't know that, sir. Did you give any instructions after limiting the number or did you undertake to have a larger number made than on any other occasion?
I didn't do anything of that kind. I was ill-assured and getting off the ground, I'm on the way to Washington.
I was very limited number of men.
Why was it that you had testified to a third at that time? And that is being your displeasure of Mr. Orkall.
How do you tell us that he was angry? Why? What?
After they understood you come to that conclusion if he did not talk to you about it personally.
Well, I think sometimes you can tell by the column that it can't be, sir.
Well, I think you have to know that, sir.
I think you can, sir, take a great teller when a person is to put out of my utter anguish, it's about us to tell us.
I think that may be true, but in court, when you say that he was angry, what evidence of anger did you observe?
Can you define it, describe it, what did you do before you were thinking of angry? I was so that he spoke.
He was? I was so that he spoke.
So, sir, I had been there talking to him for four years, he's the talk, he said, what do you mean?
Yes, sir, that's a reflection of it.
That's it. Then you also had information from others who were hurt his conversations and remarks about.
That's right. Did you get that information at the time?
More than it is.
Or as it been, subject ones are them that you got that information.
I got most of it at the time, I thought, I had other information, but what does it say that a man's angry enough
necessarily can cause him not convincing?
A man or an angry person does something to indicate to these angry people.
I'm trying to determine why evidence, physical evidence of anger.
Did you observe, on that occasion, aside from what may have been reported to you by your supporters,
the importance of whoever had been told?
What you say, I was outside, I was inside the lava star, I started to mccollum.
Where you even know his angry, why you were in lava, did not I?
When you got out of the lava star, what happened?
I just thought it became aware of the fact that he was very angry.
Just going on the phone.
I wonder if he would have expected that he would have done it, but repeat the statements that he knows that my uncle could talk me at the moment.
I will not be able to say that I was out of the lava star, but I was able to say that I was in a moment,
I am afraid it's very unusual that I make no one there, I have to draw a letter to see.
After you give us any further testimony now, you may have met with a specter of the A.S.
Before that may be important in this thing, it shows, well, go ahead, let's go ahead.
As you know, when back in the days, in the headquarters there, I was resumed the discussion in the time room that we've been in before when I was around the floor as a doctor.
And when we got my room and things on, I know it was continued to be apparent to me that,
I only spoke about how to hold proceedings.
Well, I very well have worked, I know the statement which I outlined a non-whitch shirt, we've had some discussion about whether or not it was going to apology or explanation.
I have been a lot of times up to get down.
Can you hear it?
You can't have had it.
I took the take of the free this far.
We've had General Lee Williams, Mr. Lucas and yourself for a direct and cross-examination statement and General Smith.
Hello, everyone. This is my assistant, a guest himself to the Allgation and the Special Cations there before the committee.
Those are the Allgation of the Unplugged Armed Forces for attempting to secure a confidential treatment for a private time.
Now the Allgation is tomorrow, this is in the former day.
Are you ready now, Mr. Secretary, no mind to get a summary of the individual?
What in your judgment has been the Deputy Chief?
For a while, all the Majority must be here, may budget committee have on five and four little bits of this thing that has come right with the judgment of your judgment tomorrow.
I will be delighted to hear your judgment.
I have a question about whether or not the witness I should express myself on that.
Will the Allgation do the role?
How are the Majority's role?
You're delighted to see all the conduct and not both parties with 20 million special occasions.
I have a question about how to do the work that I'm on out here.
While I have some conclusions about the one number I have in mind, you will hear about it.
The only thing I can say about it is that we all have a little bit of what I'm interested in.
If you recognize that both parties have in this hearing or this proceeding anything happened, which changes my view in respect to the in power of the measure for a day to shine, then so I would say nothing has happened to change that point of view.
I'll send a text.
I'll be pursuing the question suggested by Senator Durkett tonight.
I have a number of questions that I hope will.
Maybe just some light on the basic issues in this conversation.
The pictures such as the chapter 79, I will 18 of the United States to call, dealing with country.
The state and the fact that any country who took the five under oath and will win and conquer the special states or subscribe any material matter, but she does not believe to be true.
The only of them is the majority of the country and the majority of the country.
The country has otherwise been specially provided by the law to find out more than $2,000 for the citizens, not more than five years.
There are a number of allegations of statements concerning you, Mr. Stevens and I have played on material in a conversation.
Another role of statement, the allegations that have been made on the old part of it, if all of us respond to all for making them do repeat them on the role and you deny the role of the former committee, then some of us are the only of us.
This is a role of serious matter and I know that you all consider equally as right for these questions.
The paragraph is marked in the number of 26 of the Senator McCarty, Mr. Colin, Mr. Todd, who is particular.
The state said on August 11, 1933, the University used the suggestion of the South Committee investigating the making and the award and the federal establishment of Congress in the arms of the United States.
The question is that statement 244, next question, paragraph 28, if you refer to that, on the same level of particular states that on August 11, 17, 1953, you refused your request that the South Committee should investigate the Navy and the Air Force.
Does that statement true or false? He clearly false.
Mr. White, you are wrong to call it in the working of polls for Saturday, March 13, as stating, and I false.
This was with reference to the first Army report.
I told you, here is an unspeakable statement.
I will simply leave now for the Army because they have failed at either Blackmailing a camp.
End of poll, on the working of poll.
Does that allocation of Blackmail, true or false, completely false?
It has been alleged in a memorandum from point of heart in Senator McCarthy on the 9th of December, 1963.
That was later released to the press.
I told even though they, the Army, said that these deserve the commission, they did not give it to him because of the lack of wing press.
End of poll. I'm reading from the memorandum.
Why don't we have to name a memorandum that was released to the press from a 9th?
Seeing it, 9th of December, each of my own questions.
Sit you. I'm sorry I want to unpage this.
It's the memorandum 9th of December from Spine Card and Senator McCarthy, which was released to the press.
That's what they say.
A case like this.
It's not a case.
What's a case in the room?
Boy, I'm in trouble. What's a case like this?
A number of all the memorandums were released to the press by the committee and this was from a memorandum that was released from.
What are the many memorandums that were released?
Mr. Chairman, could I say that I have not those figures in there?
I think the great many of them available, am I right?
I think it would be helpful to all of them with an experience we could have.
How could you have them there?
I have no figures in the size I am now holding up and if they cannot be defeated,
the moment of the committee model can be sharp.
I thought it would be a convenience to have them in the room or I might be able to always have a life like this.
I think it's your priority to remember this.
Most of the people who went to the field were the pretty movements on that.
It was personally expressed.
That's the whole time it's all over the world.
I feel the opening is back to the time.
I think it's all over the world.
There's a lot of people around here.
You're right.
You're doing well.
I know you can call out.
You want to work from the field?
I was on the field.
I am.
No, may I?
I think Mr. Wider and Mr. T.
Do you have any other questions?
Let's open one.
There's a permit.
I don't want to take it out of my time.
No, may I go there now?
There's a permit.
I'm a list of memorandum.
That's an offer by Mr. Wider.
I'm a list Neither of us have any questions.
I have never personally texted against the memorandum.
I know we can't give them any thank you today.
But I have put a warning of this ceremony.
I know what this is.
I know what this ceremony is for.
I have done the best of the way.
It's making a statement.
We have been off the internet.
But I should not say.
We should be following the line.
We should be restrictions to act.
We have been hurt.
I want to carry that to all of us.
I'm just praying that he was not all being built.
I'm not in the middle of it.
He was making it available.
He was completely stupid.
And I just don't know what this is.
I don't need a fact with Mr. Wider.
But he has been being built.
That's all.
And we have kept it a little bit.
We'll have to lay our heads right in the middle of it.
We have to have the memorandum alive.
We bring you a life question.
I remember I had a release to the press by Senator McCarthy.
And I believe Mr. Cole and Mr. Car, the press conference,
shortly after the original Army charges.
And the my assistant has checked him to the best of his ability.
So I haven't checked him against his printed copy to his hands.
I want to get back to this question again.
Recording now.
The memorandum of knife of December.
It has been a life, but there is a memo random from Frank Paul
to Senator McCarthy on the knife of December 1953.
That and I quote, even though they,
of the Army, are putting him for the understanding that that's not in there.
Even though they meaning the Army,
said he deserved the commission.
They did not give it to him because of the left wing press.
And the full memorandum of knife of December 1953.
Did you ever know it makes the statement?
That's part of the sign deserves a commission.
Did you ever hear anyone in the Army make that statement?
No.
There's more than the allegation through our fault.
Next question.
It has been a last,
confirming the Army report.
That and I quote,
this is right quote, it is not a report.
It is John Adams version of a situation.
There has been issued a twisted, distorted, unsuverted,
written by a man who has a special interest in the situation.
And a quote from a statement by Senator McCarthy in US News and World Report
of March 12, 1954.
As far as you know, Mr. Secretary,
is that statement true or false?
False?
Mr. Whitefall, come.
Is quoted in US News and World Report on March 19, 1954 as stating,
and I quote,
no improper influence was ever exerted by me on anyone else on behalf of John.
Thank you.